README.md, before:

# Chainlist DAPP

This DAPP is an emulatin of craiglist and is build as a project of [this](https://www.udemy.com/getting-started-with-ethereum-solidity-development/) course.  
We have used Ethereum block chain and Truffle to build this DAPP

## Truffle Commands
To compile contract  
``` truffle migrate --compile-all --reset --network ganache  // Compile contract```

To connect to console  
``` truffle console --network ganache ```

To interact with contract  
```
ChainList.deployed().then(function(instance) {app=instance;})
app.getArticle()
app.sellArticle("Article 1 ", "Description of Article 1", web3.toWei(10, "ether"), {from: web3.eth.accounts[1]})
app.buyArticle({from: web3.eth.accounts[2], value: web3.toWei(10, "ether")})
```

To check balance  
``` web3.fromWei(web3.eth.getBalance(web3.eth.accounts[0]), "ether").toNumber() ```

Events  
``` 
var sellEvent = app.LogSellArticle({}, {fromBlock: 0, toBlock:'latest'}).watch(function(error,event) {console.log(event);}) 
sellEvent.stopWatching()
var sellEvent = app.LogSellArticle({}, {}).watch(function(error,event) {console.log(event);}) // Default for both parameters (fromBlock and toBlock) is latest
var buyEvent = app.LogBuyArticle({_seller: web3.eth.accounts[1]}, {}).watch(function(error,event) {console.log(event);})
```

## DApp Commands
Run DAPP  
``` npm run dev ```

## Web3 Commands
```
web3.fromWei(web3.eth.getBalance(web3.eth.accounts[0]), "ether").toNumber() // To get account balance
web3.eth.coinbase // To get Primary account
web3.eth.sendTransaction({from: web3.eth.accounts[0], to: web3.eth.accounts[1], value: web3.toWei(5, "ether")}) // To transfer ether
```

## Important Online Resources
- [Hex to string Converter](https://codebeautify.org/hex-string-converter)
- [Gas Station](https://ethgasstation.info/)
- [Online converter to ops code](https://etherscan.io/opcode-tool)

Commit message:

Multiple Articles Buy/Sell enabled

README.md, after:

# Chainlist DAPP

This DAPP is an emulatin of craiglist and is build as a project of [this](https://www.udemy.com/getting-started-with-ethereum-solidity-development/) course.  
We have used Ethereum block chain and Truffle to build this DAPP

## Truffle Commands
To compile contract  
``` truffle migrate --compile-all --reset --network ganache  // Compile contract```

To connect to console  
``` truffle console --network ganache ```

To interact with contract  
```
ChainList.deployed().then(function(instance) {app=instance;})
app.getArticlesForSale()
app.getNumberOfArticles()
app.sellArticle("Article 1 ", "Description of Article 1", web3.toWei(10, "ether"), {from: web3.eth.accounts[1]})
app.buyArticle(1, {from: web3.eth.accounts[3], value: web3.toWei(10, "ether")})
```

To check balance  
``` web3.fromWei(web3.eth.getBalance(web3.eth.accounts[0]), "ether").toNumber() ```

Events  
``` 
var sellEvent = app.LogSellArticle({}, {fromBlock: 0, toBlock:'latest'}).watch(function(error,event) {console.log(event);}) 
sellEvent.stopWatching()
var sellEvent = app.LogSellArticle({}, {}).watch(function(error,event) {console.log(event);}) // Default for both parameters (fromBlock and toBlock) is latest
var buyEvent = app.LogBuyArticle({_seller: web3.eth.accounts[1]}, {}).watch(function(error,event) {console.log(event);})
```

## DApp Commands
Run DAPP  
``` npm run dev ```

## Web3 Commands
```
web3.fromWei(web3.eth.getBalance(web3.eth.accounts[0]), "ether").toNumber() // To get account balance
web3.eth.coinbase // To get Primary account
web3.eth.sendTransaction({from: web3.eth.accounts[0], to: web3.eth.accounts[1], value: web3.toWei(5, "ether")})
```

## Important Online Resources
- [Hex to string Converter](https://codebeautify.org/hex-string-converter)
- [Gas Station](https://ethgasstation.info/)
- [Online converter to ops code](https://etherscan.io/opcode-tool)
